Ensure BOM is not present in `DelphiCheckContext::getFileLines` (#239)
integrated-application-development/sonar-delphi: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - File pointer errors on issues on the first line of files where BOM is present.

Reviewer: This reads a little stilted - maybe something like this?

```suggestion
- File pointer errors when an issue is raised on the first line of a file with a byte order mark.
```

Author: Sure, I like the suggested version so I'll just use that directly.
